Generate Client using OpenAPI spec tool,  Update Overview, Setup Guide and Quickstart (#2)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.marketing.subscriptions: examples/bulk-opt-out-of-email-communication/Bulk Opt-Out of All Email Communication.md

# Bulk Opt-Out of All Email Communication

> This use case demonstrates how the HubSpot Marketing Subscription API can be used to efficiently unsubscribe customers in bulk who have submitted opt-out requests for all email communication. This approach helps save time, ensures all requests are processed quickly, and improves overall customer experience by honoring their preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case demonstrates how the Ballerina HubSpot Marketing Subscription connector can efficiently handle bulk unsubscriptions for customers who have submitted opt-out requests for all email communication. This approach saves time, ensures prompt processing of requests, and enhances the overall customer experience by honoring their preferences.
```
